privacy.md, before:

---
title: "Privacy Policy"
layout: page
permalink:/privacy
last_modified_at: 2019-08-27T22:13:20Z
---

> Thank you to [ArtherGareginyan](https://github.com/ArthurGareginyan) for designing the [template](https://github.com/ArthurGareginyan/privacy-policy-template) this policy is based on!
>
> Last modified on August 27th, 2019

Open Source Lore takes your privacy seriously. To better protect your privacy we provide this privacy policy notice explaining the way your personal information is collected and used.


## Collection of Routine Information

This website tracks basic information about its visitors. This information includes, but is not limited to, IP addresses, browser details, timestamps and referring pages. None of this information can personally identify specific visitors to this website. The information is tracked for routine administration and maintenance purposes.


## Cookies

Where necessary, this website uses cookies to store information about a visitor’s preferences and history in order to better serve the visitor and/or present the visitor with customized content.


## Advertisement and Other Third Parties

Advertising partners and other third parties may use cookies, scripts and/or web beacons to track visitors activities on this website in order to display advertisements and other useful information. Such tracking is done directly by the third parties through their own servers and is subject to their own privacy policies. This website has no access or control over these cookies, scripts and/or web beacons that may be used by third parties. Learn how to [opt out of Google’s cookie usage](http://www.google.com/privacy_ads.html).


## Links to Third Party Websites

We have included links on this website for your use and reference. We are not responsible for the privacy policies on these websites. You should be aware that the privacy policies of these websites may differ from our own.


## Security

The security of your personal information is important to us, but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure. While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.


## Changes To This Privacy Policy

This Privacy Policy is effective as of August 27th, 2019 and will remain in effect except with respect to any changes in its provisions in the future, which will be in effect immediately after being posted on this page. We reserve the right to update or change our Privacy Policy at any time and you should check this Privacy Policy periodically. If we make any material changes to this Privacy Policy, we will notify you by placing a prominent notice on our website.


## Contact Information

For any questions or concerns regarding the privacy policy, please send us an email to [privacy@opensourcelore.com](mailto:privacy@opensourcelore.com).

Commit message:

Update privacy policy to include new advertising and third party practices.

privacy.md, after:

---
title: "Privacy Policy"
layout: page
permalink: /privacy
last_modified_at: "2019-08-27T22:13:20Z"
---

> Thank you to [ArtherGareginyan](https://github.com/ArthurGareginyan) for designing the [template](https://github.com/ArthurGareginyan/privacy-policy-template) this policy is based on!
>
> Last modified on October 6th, 2019

opensourcelore.com takes your privacy seriously. To better protect your privacy we provide this privacy policy notice explaining the way your personal information is collected and used.


## Collection of Routine Information

This website is hosted through Github Pages, which tracks basic information about its visitors. This information includes, but is not limited to logs of visitor IP addresses. This information is tracked in order to maintain the security and integrity of this website GitHub's website and GitHub's service. Note that this information is not made available to opensourcelore.com and we cannot personally identify specific visitors to this website. To read more of GitHub's privacy statement, you can follow the link here: [https://help.github.com/en/articles/github-privacy-statement](https://help.github.com/en/articles/github-privacy-statement).

## Cookies

opensourcelore.com does not use cookies. If you see a cookie left by our website, please send us a note at [badcookie@opensourcelore.com](badcookie@opensourcelore.com) or send us a [pull request](https://github.com/openSourceLore/opensourcelore.com/pulls).

## Advertisement and Other Third Parties

opensourcelore.com does not use an advertising third party, does not advertise in general and does not share information with third parties outside of GitHub and GitHub Pages. You can view our source code [here](https://github.com/openSourceLore/opensourcelore.com) and our website's theme source code [here](https://github.com/mmistakes/so-simple-theme/) to correct us if we are wrong.  

## Links to Third Party Websites

We have included links on this website for your use and reference. We are not responsible for the privacy policies on these websites. You should be aware that the privacy policies of these websites may differ from our own.


## Security

The security of your personal information is important to us, but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure. While we strive to only use commercially acceptable services that we trust to protect your personal information, i.e. GitHub and GitHub pages, we cannot guarantee your personal information's absolute security.


## Changes To This Privacy Policy

This Privacy Policy is effective as of October 6th, 2019 and will remain in effect except with respect to any changes in its provisions in the future, which will be in effect immediately after being posted on this page. We reserve the right to update or change our Privacy Policy at any time and you should check this Privacy Policy periodically. If we make any material changes to this Privacy Policy, we will notify you by placing a prominent notice on our website.


## Contact Information

For any questions or concerns regarding the privacy policy, please send us an email to [privacy@opensourcelore.com](mailto:privacy@opensourcelore.com).
